Update HIPAA compliance documentation for PostHog AI (#18915)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/privacy/hipaa-compliance.mdx

</CalloutBox>

<CalloutBox type="caution" title="PostHog AI is not HIPAA-compliant">

> [PostHog AI](/docs/posthog-ai/overview) and other AI features are **not** covered by BAAs and should not be enabled on projects that process Protected Health Information (PHI). These features send your data to [third-party LLM providers](/docs/posthog-ai/faq) who are not party to your BAA with PostHog. Org admins can [disable PostHog AI and all AI data analysis](/docs/posthog-ai/faq#how-can-i-disable-posthog-ai) in your organization settings.

Reviewer: A couple of wording tweaks for this callout:

1. PostHog AI consent is an org-wide setting, not per-project (see `allow-access.mdx`/`faq.mdx`, both pointing to the same `organization-ai-consent` toggle). "Should not be enabled on projects" could imply per-project granularity that doesn't exist.
2. "who are not party to your BAA with PostHog" is a bit of a non-sequitur — of course subprocessors aren't party to our BAA with the customer. The actual issue is that PostHog doesn't currently have HIPAA-compliant agreements with those subprocessors.

```suggestion
[PostHog AI](/docs/posthog-ai/overview) and other AI features are **not** covered by BAAs and should not be enabled in organizations where any project processes Protected Health Information (PHI). These features send your data to [third-party LLM providers](/docs/posthog-ai/faq) that are not currently set up in a HIPAA-compliant way. Org admins can [disable PostHog AI and all AI data analysis](/docs/posthog-ai/faq#how-can-i-disable-posthog-ai) in your organization settings.
```
